fix(accordion): expanded and expanded-index attributes (#2035)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/smart-swans-move.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> `<rh-accordion>`: corrected use of `expanded-index` and `expanded`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-accordion>`: `expanded` and `expanded-index` attributes work as expected
```
